# CCS blueprints bot
Discord bot for easy uploading blueprint files to dedicated Satisfactory servers.

## Setting up the environment
- **Download the source code** repository or clone it with [Git](https://git-scm.com/install): `git clone https://github.com/TheCoffeeCupCup/css_installer`.
- Copy `src\secrets.example.rs` into `src\secrets.rs` and **replace the placeholder values** with the real ones.

## How to use with Docker
- **Create a folder** where bot data will be stored: `mkdir bot_data`
- **Build and run**: `docker compose up --build`
    - Or to run **in background**: `docker compose up --build -d`
- To **stop** background job: `docker compose down`
- View **Docker logs**: `docker compose logs -f`

## Adding to a server
- To add the bot to server, use a link generated by Discord's dashboard. The only permission required is `applications.commands`.
- The bot must be added to the server **before** launching the program for proper initialization of commands.

## How to build
- If you don't have **Rust, install** it following the instructions at https://rust-lang.org/tools/install.
- From the project root, **run** `cargo build --release` (or `cargo run --release` to run the bot once the executable is built).

## How to run
- Use `cargo run --release` to **build and run** the code.
    - If you just want to run the already built executable, you can do so from `target\release\ccs_discord_bot`.

## Features
- Allows admins to set up the servers and uploaders one time, afterwards server members with corresponding permissions can upload the files all they want without disturbing anyone.
- Command `/add_server` allows to add a server by specifying name, IP, FTP credentials and session name.
    - The permissions to run this command must be managed from Discord's server settings. By default **only admins** can run the command.
    - IP is verified with a regex and a clear error message will be returned in case the IP format is wrong.
    - The bot will try to connect to the server and won't add it to the internal list in case of failure.
- Command `/remove_server` allows to remove one or more servers from the previously set up for blueprints uploading.
    - The permissions to run this command must be managed from Discord's server settings. By default **only admins** can run the command.
- Command `/edit_server_uploaders` allows to specify which users or roles can upload files to a specific server.
    - The permissions to run this command must be managed from Discord's server settings. By default **only admins** can run the command.
- Command `/edit_uploader_servers` allows to specify the list of servers a specified user or role has access to. Basically like `/edit_server_uploaders` but other way around.
    - The permissions to run this command must be managed from Discord's server settings. By default **only admins** can run the command.
- Command `/upload_blueprints` allows to upload blueprint files to servers.
    - There are **no default restrictions** as to who can run this command. However the files can only be uploaded to the servers where the user is added as "uploader".
    - Allows to upload 2-10 files (1-5 blueprints in pairs of `.sbp` and `.sbpcfg` files). 10 files is Discord's limitation that doesn't depend on a bot.
    - Allows to choose whether files with the same names on the server should be overridden.
    - Every file is individually verified by name and a clear error is returned in case of any issues.
    - If any problems occur while uploading the files, they will be reported in the response message.
    - It won't let to upload new files if the amount on the server exceeds a set limit.
    - File uploading is asynchronous.
- Command `/version` allows to see the current version and git tag of the running bot.
    - The permissions to run this command must be managed from Discord's server settings. By default **only admins** can run the command.
- Colored stdout logs and file logs in `logs` folder (automatically created in runtime).
- Log files are automatically purged after exceeding the quantity limit.
- Automatic backing up of the bot data for easy recovery in case of errors. If needed, must be restored before the next launch of the bot.
- Encryption of the bot data.
- *I think* it *probably* can *hopefully kinda* run in bloody Docker.
- Uploading attached blueprint files via message's context menu
